docs: update read profile data (#982)
lukso-network/docs: docs/learn/dapp-developer/read-profile-data.md

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

# Read Data from your Universal Profile

> ## Install [erc725.js](https://npmjs.com/package/@erc725/erc725.js) library

Reviewer: There is also content here:

https://docs.lukso.tech/tools/erc725js/getting-started

Let's make sure we don't duplicate content from that side also

```shell
npm install @erc725/erc725.js
```

## Create erc725 instance

:::info How is data stored on a Universal Profile

> Each data on a Universal Profile is stored into a generic key-value [ERC725Y](https://github.com/ethereum/ercs/blob/master/ERCS/erc-725.md#erc725y) store which allows storing an unlimited amount of data in the smart contract.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each data on a Universal Profile is stored into a generic key-value [ERC725Y](https://docs.lukso.tech/standards/lsp-background/erc725#erc725y-generic-data-keyvalue-store) store which allows storing an unlimited amount of data in the smart contract.
```

NOTE: please use RELATIVE link and not absolute link as per suggestion above. This is just to give the example.

ERC725Y standardizes a mapping of data keys to data values in order to have the ability to add or remove data across time without the need of redeploying the contract. It gives flexibility to the contract storage. On the smart contract, data keys are represented as bytes32 values and data values under these keys are stored as bytes.

> LSP2 - ERC725YJSONSchema is the standard used by the LSPs to organize how the data should be represented as bytes32/bytes pairs.

Reviewer: maybe you can link to:

https://docs.lukso.tech/standards/generic-standards/lsp2-json-schema

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[LSP2 - ERC725YJSONSchema](../../../[standards/generic-standards/lsp2-json-schema](https://docs.lukso.tech/standards/generic-standards/lsp2-json-schema)) is the standard used by the LSPs to organize how the data should be represented as bytes32/bytes pairs.
```

  "https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network",
  {
  ipfsGateway: "https://api.universalprofile.cloud/ipfs",
  }
);

  const specificProfileData = await erc725js.getData([
    "LSP3Profile",
    "LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate",
  ]);
```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>Show result</summary>

```js
[
  {
    key: '0x5ef83ad9559033e6e941db7d7c495acdce616347d28e90c7ce47cbfcfcad3bc5',
    name: 'LSP3Profile',
    value: {
      verification: {
        method: 'keccak256(utf8)',
        data: '0x598c2707d6bd256489e5de43f60f532f6541c6785c94f85a348e9bcbd7bdf4d6',
      },
      url: 'ipfs://QmPNk4GXUDVSpkMYS9ySLj4r7WJYNBLG986GFPqfRJPL8E',
    },
  },
  {
    key: '0x0cfc51aec37c55a4d0b1a65c6255c4bf2fbdf6277f3cc0730c45b828b6db8b47',
    name: 'LSP1UniversalReceiverDelegate',
    value: '0x7870C5B8BC9572A8001C3f96f7ff59961B23500D',
  },
];
```

</details>

## Retrieve decoded data

#### Get all profile metadata (name, photos...)

Example to retrieve the content of the JSON file from the verifiable URI stored on the smart contract. It will download the JSON file and verify its hash automatically.

<details>
    <summary>Show code snippet</summary>

> ```js

Reviewer: does the syntax highlighter supports `ts` ? The code below is TS so might be more relvant to put ts instead if it is supported

  "https://rpc.testnet.lukso.network",
  {
  ipfsGateway: "https://api.universalprofile.cloud/ipfs",
  }
);

  const decodedIssuedAndRetrievedAssetAddresses = await erc725js.fetchData([
    "LSP12IssuedAssets[]","LSP5ReceivedAssets[]"
  ]);

```

</details>

<details>
    <summary>Show result</summary>

```js
[
  {
    key: '0x7c8c3416d6cda87cd42c71ea1843df28ac4850354f988d55ee2eaa47b6dc05cd',
    name: 'LSP12IssuedAssets[]',
    value: [],
  },
  {
    key: '0x6460ee3c0aac563ccbf76d6e1d07bada78e3a9514e6382b736ed3f478ab7b90b',
    name: 'LSP5ReceivedAssets[]',
    value: [
      '0xc3B1c63b598Ee41a4BfCE56ecCA802dCD5D5241F',
      '0xFc4D463F888D0097f596aac83cBe70F5C2F5641d',
      '0x74770d4568DBb5E466c45D128cB3A535EB7291eC',
      '0x6dA30e7a8064eAbcA9220AB088514Fc8a131E719',
      '0x85134C7bb2Aa2ee019e64d654B289F738344B2ee',
      '0xB9dE32D8CaAcf5D2d1f30e3006553e25D46b569F',
      '0xD1FBFC22B2424be1E32d3Ee1dCB5306439F0f2A9',
      '0x8b08eeb9183081De7e2D4ae49fAD4afb56E31Ab4',
      '0x0428AFd3F122a65D023A6863F691e49fcc7B0f44',
      '0x50875607ca35c840Bc55ac6D0ce1c3C9c61D65a5',
    ],
  },
];
```

</details>

## Take advantage of our ERC725 inspect tool

> 🔍 You can retrieve encoded Universal Profile data easily with our [ERC725 Inspect](https://erc725-inspect.lukso.tech/inspector) tool. You only have to paste your Universal Profile address and choose the data key to retrieve data from.

Reviewer: cool!
